Axes.inset_axes: enable Axes subclass creation (#22608)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/users/next_whats_new/inset_axes_improvements.rst

Axes.inset_axes Flexibility
---------------------------

> `matplotlib.axes.Axes.inset_axes` now accepts the ``projection``, ``polar``
> and ``axes_class`` keywords, so that subclasses of `matplotlib.axes.Axes` may

Reviewer: Argument names should use italics.
```suggestion
`matplotlib.axes.Axes.inset_axes` now accepts the *projection*, *polar* and
*axes_class* keyword arguments, so that subclasses of `matplotlib.axes.Axes` may
```
